the above the merlo sportive that has given the Andes Wednesday
that energy of the nation to the verdiblanco team in merre de hararé
reduced
of the metropolitan b the team of felipe de la riva that finally was the
court to the sea and without public like in all the reduced
without being able to use his court and without losing local public much hype
by the west team the first castagnino chance that tops
housing for later
the veto since in the air
low the ball was thirteenth
finishes with an advantage of frank armani all the one of the andes in that first
half
verbal between the forums of the sport a very good pass of brítez ojeda
the fashion player what everyone wants the one that you lose the bpch on the court
who knows a lot of love and covered well
after refusing to fame the corner kick and another more
although he shakes hands again he repeated
for the referee
alain baliño there was no intention
more of the athletic right to the arch the first great controversy that had the
match
in that first half
and the expulsions arrived cristian vella saw the red
for a kick
a pablo rodríguez
the figure of Merlo stayed with ten the Andes changed
After the match and the color Pablo himself Rodriguez
received a pass from the queen and her son
the best player
córdoba welcomes this Thursday they go with all luxury that was credited given result in
his set commented Rodríguez
who said he played on river and villa
this sports campaign the most expulsions
on the side of the Andes
in these plays
jorge baliño
short and red-out to Gustavo Maple because
one in his last one can be achieved
I was with two less
the Andes and had basic points has to mark
the 2 to 0 but after the pons itself to the output of a corner kick
and in that play without air expelled
apparently
that approved this afternoon by the referee was yellow
there did not seem to be aggression
as I was already in a drunken state
the Red
that's why you can get down and comforted by
felipe de la riva
with this result
Marlon agreeing in the rematch for the first time in his history that of the
city
ovrebo and clumsy or but we know that you can
the debate concentrated and humero right ours and look for the party sorianas what
have done well or how much we have had situations do not specify anything
but we have local and and we local
We are strong in any network
liberators cup wari place when one goes to play lose one goes away
this
some sources of ccoo
to be able to local to define a good hand we had
four very clear situations
after two penalties that the referee does not charge I feel sorry for a habit that does not
have the ability to direct this that they do not realize they have to be conscious
what happen
the hassan is a hard bravata team at dinner tests in day too and has
that will not be easy
I hope that this topic comes up I go to that day and it showed with many
you win in each game and if you leave everything
I wish it did not seem to be breaking a fossil and with two more players could have
defined the series
the opposition either
after being an example
the week team on it
weekly armchair mucus
since
if the second day comes and one of ponza
but
but neither is a tie with nine
respecting the rival some players no technician
they're going to have to prove they're better than us
is another one
at least we can understand the cowardly lilita
we say that the leisure world illusion
we feel better in the Andes we want a better team
the departure and imposed optimistic that without a doubt